(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Receiving the wind of the coming season
The shining, best carnival Lightly passing
through the rough times Let's go, to
the city by myself, diving I wanna dive
in paradise Rather than looking at all the
trends I'm gonna steal as much
as I like, so Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
I've started running, my dream never stops
I'm strong enough to face tomorrow's
regret Everybody can do!
Even if it's a little dark, I
don't want to look I'm strong
enough to face the rising curiosity Battle
Cards of the New Year All
right, it's done!
Thank you for your hard work.
We'll take care of the rest.
Ryo-san, I heard you've
been on duty since New Year's
Eve.
Of course.
Unlike Nakagawa and Reiko, I
put my life on the line.
Even during the New Year's holiday, I
was on duty to protect the safety of
the people.
What's so funny?
Ryo-san, don't joke with
your eyebrows.
What?
I know.
You took too many summer vacations last
year, and you've been filling them up
for the New Year.
You guys knew, didn't you?
Well, I'm going home.
Ryo-san, what are you going
to do from now on?
I'm just going to sleep in the
cold.
There's no New Year's party at
the head officer's house this
year.
Huh?
That's strange.
You're right.
I met Terai at Hatsum
ode yesterday.
He said he was going to the head
officer's house for New Year
's Eve.
That's a mistake.
The head officer said he was
going on a family trip with his parents.
New Year's party?
Yes, it's an old New Year's
party at the head officer's
house.
When are you doing it next year?
Next year is canceled.
I was looking forward to eating New Year
's food at the head officer
's house.
Ryo-chan, you're exaggerating.
Well, don't be so disappointed.
It's been a while since the three
of us went on a hot spring trip.
You're going to take care of your
family more than your subordinates, aren
't you?
Don't say that.
Hiromi is old, and he can't
go on a trip with his parents.
I can't go on a trip to
Mizuirazu many times.
Well, that's what it is.
Everyone, let's have a New Year's
party next year.
Yes, sir.
I'm really sorry.
Now that I think about it, I feel
like everyone was very unnatural.
Maybe I'm the only one who wasn
't invited.
All right.
Is this the head officer's
house?
I'm Ryo-chan.
It's nice to meet you.
By the way, I have something to do
with the head officer.
What?
You did it.
The head officer made a fool
of me.
Damn it.
Then I'll give you a feast.
I won't forgive you.
Ryo-san, I don't have
a chance right now.
Don't look at the blood.
Happy New Year.
Thank you for coming.
I look forward to working with you again
this year.
Hiromi-chan, you're cute.
Reiko-san, you look good too.
Thank you.
What?
Isn't the head officer here
yet?
You know, Dad...
Hiromi, I don't even want to
think about that guy since New Year's.
By the way, Nakagawa, did you
park the car in front of the house?
Yes, sir.
Come on, come on.
It's a small place, but come on
in.
What?
Head officer, why are you closing
the window in the middle of the day?
I guess it's a devil's charm.
Devil's charm?
Senpai, please forgive me.
I'm going to the first shrine visit
with my sister from now on.
You can go to the first shrine visit
anytime, but today is the only New Year
's party for the head officer.
That's messed up.
Don't you regret it?
You're not invited to the New Year
's party either.
Of course.
I'm not on duty at the police
station.
Don't talk about the details.
I'm your best friend, so you can
take me to the head officer
's house.
What?
You're a tough guy early in the
New Year.
All right, get on with it.
Let's go!
Oh, I
'm sorry.
What's wrong, Nakagawa?
Isn't that Honda's CBX engine?
Maybe Senpai's here, too.
What?
He's already here.
As expected, the devil's charm works well.
Listen, no matter what happens, don't say
a word or show up.
That's right, you've decided to stay
out of it.
I thought you went on a family trip.
That's not possible.
Look at that.
What's that?
You're using your clumsy hand to chase
me with a sheet.
It's a Ferrari F50.
It's different from the one I always
ride, but it's definitely a Nakag
awa Ferrari.
Is that so?
Maybe it's a car from a neighbor.
Look around you.
Where the hell do people live?
Look at the license plate, too.
It's a boy's number.
Nakagawa lives in Tokyo, but he
's dressed up and has a boy's
number on all his cars.
Yes, sir!
Ohara-san?
It's a delivery.
I'd like a box, please.
Ohara-san, please come out.
Ryo-chan, you're so obvious.
I don't know what to do.
Damn it, I'm just going to let
him through.
What's going on?
The curtains are closed.
He's on a long trip.
The enemy is still inside.
Look at this.
Isn't this just an electric meter?
Look closely at the meter.
If you're out, you should only have
a refrigerator and a phone.
That's why the meter doesn't work.
I see.
Everyone, would you like some sukiy
aki?
That sounds good.
I was just getting tired of your food.
I'll help you.
Boss!
I know you're in there.
He's a persistent guy.
Put us in there quickly.
I feel sorry for him.
Put him in there.
No!
You may not know this, but he messed
up the house on New Year's Eve.
I'll never let him in there again.
I don't know if I should let
him in there.
You're completely surrounded.
Give up and come out.
Ignore him.
He's not reacting at all.
Damn it!
If that's what you're going to
do, let's do it with the back
of our hands.
The back of our hands?
It's quiet now.
It looks like you've given up.
No, when it comes to food, I'll
show you a terrible obsession, so you can
't rest assured.
Oh!
A power outage?
There's no way we're going to
do electrical work on New Year's.
Honey, the gas in the kitchen stopped all
of a sudden.
What did you say?
Damn it!
It's all Ryo's fault!
Senpai, let's stop here.
Shut up!
If that's what you're going to
do, I'll eat you alive!
Oh...
Still, you're stubborn.
It's good to make the water flow
backwards and make them panic, but you'd
better break the door as soon as possible!
Wait a minute, Senpai!
Senpai, the chainsaw is bad.
Honda, it's okay.
Don't worry.
Huh?
For the time being, it's only the
minimum power that's broken.
I can't rest assured at all.
Let's go!
Ryo!
Chief!
Don't open it all of a sudden!
We're running out of time!
I'm the one who's running out
of time!
Senpai, what are you doing here with
a chainsaw?
The door...
No, uh...
The chief asked me to take care of
the plants.
Liar!
I don't remember asking you to do
that!
I don't like it.
When I get older, I forget.
Right, Honda?
Yes.
Oh, no, no, no!
Anyway, Chief, didn't you go on a
hot spring trip?
What?
Oh, that's...
I couldn't get a ticke
t because of the travel agency, so I
ended up staying at home.
Then why is Nakagawa there?
Huh?
I mean, I was suddenly bored, so I
called Nakagawa and Reiko.
Of course, I also contacted you and Nico
Nico Ryo, but...
Unfortunately, they're not here.
Isn't that obvious?
I've always been on a business trip.
I-Is that so?
I was careless.
Huh?
Well, it was a coincidence.
Let's stop by, Honda.
Chief, of course you don't mind, do
you?
Oh, that's great, Honda.
You came all the way to Chiba
to take care of the plants.
Well then, let's have a meal.
Oh, before that...
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You came to take care of the plants,
so you're prepared.
I brought it so that I wouldn't
have any trouble with this.
Honda, that outfit is a little rude.
Oh, well, it's the chief's house.
Ryoichi, remember what to do.
Ryoichi, Honda.
Happy New Year.
Come on, sit down.
Thank you.
Hello, everyone.
Happy New Year.
H-Happy New Year.
That's great.
You look good in your Japanese clothes.
W-Why do you say that?
If you're going to come to the
New Year party in such a nice kim
ono, why don't you at least say
a few words to me?
Honda, I'm really happy to have such
a good colleague.
S-Senpai...
Ryoichi, stop being so sarcastic.
What did you say?
Well, well, it's the New Year, so
let's have fun.
I'm tired of New Year's food,
so I thought I'd make some su
kiyaki.
What do you guys think?
What kind of stupid thing are you doing?
We eat New Year's food.
This is the Japanese custom, isn't it,
Chief?
But...
There's no such thing as New Year
's food for nothing.
In order to let the housewife rest
for the New Year, we put in a
lot of effort into the New Year without
doing any housework.
It's the Japanese custom to eat New
Year's food.
But it's not like you're going
to do anything, is it, Ryoichi?
Even if it's New Year's food,
we're going to have a lot of
fun.
Black beans are good for the beans.
Shrimps are good for the
shrimps, and so on.
There's a lot of meaning to it.
And you're going to make suki
yaki out of New Year's food?
What are you thinking?
New Year's food in Japan is always
New Year's food!
It looks like he's here to see
the New Year's food, so it looks
like we should give it to him.
It seems so.
Mom, there's still New Year's food,
right?
Give me that.
Yes, sir.
Yay!
New Year's food is here!
We're going to make sukiy
aki here, so you can eat New Year
's food there, Ryoichi.
Huh?
Another stranger?
Well, as long as New Year's food
comes, it's fine.
Oh, here it is.
Here you go.
Thank you.
What?
I don't see Kinton-kun
or Kazunoko-san.
I ate that.
That's all that's left.
Huh?
Black beans?
Kobumaki?
Kamaboko?
I guess the unpopular best three of
the New Year's food were left behind.
New Year's food without the main character
doesn't taste good at all.
It looks delicious.
All right, it's starting to boil.
Um, boss.
Let's eat.
Thank you for the food.
Um, boss.
What?
If you don't mind, would you like
to help with the sukiyaki
over there?
I made New Year's food for you.
Ryoichi, until you finish eating New
Year's food, I'll leave the su
kiyaki to you.
Kazuke-san.
I understand.
I just have to eat the suki
yaki, right?
Of course.
That's great.
I don't know what to do with
the rest of the sukiyaki.
It's perfect for New Year's food.
Ryoichi's stomach is as big
as a caterpillar.
That's right.
I'll introduce you to the ones that
are a little damaged.
Anyway, you'd better eat the meat before
Ryoichi finishes eating the suki
yaki.
Yes, sir.
I can finally eat the sukiy
aki.
Thank you for the food.
There's only one piece of meat.
Damn it.
What?
I'm sorry.
I was faster.
No, I was faster.
Honda, right?
Honda, I'll tell you clearly.
No, I'm sorry.
It's better to eat meat when you
're older.
It's good for your health.
You ate a lot of sukiy
aki, so don't worry about it.
Damn it.
You can't put your teeth in the
meat.
I know what you're going to do.
You two aren't kids.
That's right.
The winner will eat it.
Winner?
It's New Year's Eve.
Why don't we play a card game?
That sounds fun.
All right.
I remember there was a police card game.
A police card game?
I played it with my sister yesterday.
If you walk in the police station, you
'll be in trouble.
Um...
If you're not careful, you'll get
hurt.
That's a good one, isn't it?
A card game like that isn't fun.
What do you think?
Let's play my card game.
Did you bring your card?
Yes.
I made it for New Year's Eve.
You're on duty.
Are you going to play a card game?
Aren't you going to play?
Let's do it.
I'm not going to let you eat
the meat.
No, I'll be the last one to
eat the meat.
I'll eat it.
Then I'll go.
I'll go.
What's the matter?
Aren't you going to read it?
I can't read it.
Mr. Nakagawa, please read it for
me.
What?
Anyone is fine.
Hurry up and read it.
All right.
Um...
Reiko's big pie that will fall
someday.
What did you say?
No, I...
Yes!
Chief, you drank it first, right?
What are you talking about?
You idiot.
I'll go next.
That's definitely the chief.
Ryotsu Tankichi What?
I like this card the most.
It's a mess of a card because
I made it.
Haraguroi Chief Ohara is
a shimitare.
What?
Yes!
It was right in front of me, but
it was a shame.
My Home Terai-kun of Lon
jidoku Not yet.
I found it!
You're so naive, Chief.
It doesn't seem to be my enemy.
It's a mess of a card.
I made it myself, so you're definitely
in the lead.
Are you going to make a mess of
it because you lost?
That's not it.
It's hard to read because it's
dirty.
It's unfair that you're the only
one who doesn't know.
Chief.
Where are you going with the card?
I'm making it fair.
It's a mess.
Are you going to scatter it all over
the house?
This is fair.
This is it, right?
All right, this is fine.
We'll find out what Nakagawa
is reading here.
If we find it, we'll bring it
to Nakagawa and have him check
it out.
It sounds like fun.
All right, let's get started.
Yes.
Nakagawa-kun is a police
officer who does it as a hobby.
Not yet.
All right, I found it.
Damn it!
Ryo-tsu, Kan-k
ichi, the best man in Kameari.
Honda-kun, who has more heartbreak
than Tora-san.
You did it, Ryo-tsu.
A big fever.
Chief, you should raise your salary rather than
raise your blood pressure.
Ryo-tsu has 20.
The chief has 19.
There are two more cards left.
I can't stand losing to Ryo
-tsu.
I remember this.
There's a toilet.
It's on the second floor of the
library.
Don't just eat bento boxes.
Toilet!
Damn it!
I found it!
Now I win!
Now we're even.
You're using dirty tricks!
All right, here's the last card.
Here I go.
I'm going to turn things around.
This year, right?
I didn't even read it.
Now I win!
What?
It won't open.
You're too naive, Ryo-ts
u.
I put a key in the library just
in case.
Damn it!
The last one to laugh is...
There's no key.
That's strange.
That means the chief can't get in,
either.
All right!
Sorry.
You're both so slow.
He went outside.
Huh?
There's no key.
What's that sound?
In here?
What's going on?
Damn it!
My library!
Chief, you're a little late.
I win.
You did a good job for your age.
Next year's New Year's Eve...
I'm definitely going to call you!
So this is what happened this year, too.
Oh...
Watch this year, too.
I, Katsushika, appear in front
of the Kameyari Park.
My dad's sick?
I'm sure it's nothing serious.
It's not a big deal.
He'll get better in a few days.
Unfortunately, I can't wait for my family
's funeral.
Next time, on Japan's Most Irrespons
ible Parent and Child...
I'm counting on you!
It's going to be a sunny day
tomorrow Bye-bye Let's wave our
hands Goodbye to all the bad things Oh
yeah Let's live the way we want
to Good things will happen Outside the door,
the sun is calling